README.md, before:

# 2019-01-25-ArgyleHouse
Edinburgh RSE Meeting, 13:00-15:00, in rooms 6 and 7 of Argyle House 3 Lady Lawson St, Edinburgh EH3 9DR.

## Purpose
Our primary goal is to invite anyone in the Edinburgh area, active or interested in the area of research software, to bootstrap and participate in a local community of practice. Coffee and cake will be provided, with ample time for comunity-building discussion.

## Programme

|Time |       | 
|------|------ |
|13:00 | Welcome|
|13:05 | A persective on Research Software Engineers from Edinburgh's IS |
|13:25 | Ice breaking session (get to know fellow attendees) |
|13:45 | Lightning talks |
|      | The way forward (starting time will vary depending on number of lightning talks) |
|14:35 | Coffee and cakes |
|15:00 | Close |

In order to get an idea of numbers for catering please [register here](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/edinburgh-rse-community-meeting-argyle-house-tickets-54975464093).

If you would like to present a lightning talk please specify so on registration. You will only be able to present 1 slide (optional) and have 2 minutes max. You can present more than once but these presentations must be on different topics. Please send your slide or title to [Mario](mailto:mario@epcc.ed.ac.uk) (also let me know if your slide/topic can be made public after the event).

## Code of Conduct
We expect all attendees at this meeting to abide by the [Carpentries Code of Conduct](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html). In summary, we encourage the following behaviour:

* Use welcoming and inclusive language
* Be respectful of different viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accept constructive criticism
* Focus on what is best for the community
* Show courtesy and respect towards other community members

Please see the link above for the full Code.

If someone violates the Code of Conduct during the event we ask that you report it to one of the organisers (Iain Fiddes, Mario Antonioletti, Geoff Lee, Sean McGeever, Giacomo Peru). All reports will be reviewed by the organisers and kept confidential.

Commit message:

Added an item about photographs.

README.md, after:

# 2019-01-25-ArgyleHouse
Edinburgh RSE Meeting, 13:00-15:00, in rooms 6 and 7 of Argyle House 3 Lady Lawson St, Edinburgh EH3 9DR.

## Purpose
Our primary goal is to invite anyone in the Edinburgh area, active or interested in the area of research software, to bootstrap and participate in a local community of practice. Coffee and cake will be provided, with ample time for comunity-building discussion.

## Programme

|Time |       | 
|------|------ |
|13:00 | Welcome|
|13:05 | A persective on Research Software Engineers from Edinburgh's IS |
|13:25 | Ice breaking session (get to know fellow attendees) |
|13:45 | Lightning talks |
|      | The way forward (starting time will vary depending on number of lightning talks) |
|14:35 | Coffee and cakes |
|15:00 | Close |

In order to get an idea of numbers for catering please [register here](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/edinburgh-rse-community-meeting-argyle-house-tickets-54975464093).

If you would like to present a lightning talk please specify so on registration. You will only be able to present 1 slide (optional) and have 2 minutes max. You can present more than once but these presentations must be on different topics. Please send your slide or title to [Mario](mailto:mario@epcc.ed.ac.uk) (also let me know if your slide/topic can be made public after the event).

Photographs may be taken at this event for publicity purposes, e.g. blog articles. If you do not want your photograph to be taken please let [Mario](mailto:mario@epcc.ed.ac.uk) know.

## Code of Conduct
We expect all attendees at this meeting to abide by the [Carpentries Code of Conduct](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html). In summary, we encourage the following behaviour:

* Use welcoming and inclusive language
* Be respectful of different viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accept constructive criticism
* Focus on what is best for the community
* Show courtesy and respect towards other community members

Please see the link above for the full Code.

If someone violates the Code of Conduct during the event we ask that you report it to one of the organisers (Iain Fiddes, Mario Antonioletti, Geoff Lee, Sean McGeever, Giacomo Peru). All reports will be reviewed by the organisers and kept confidential.
